Enh/switch from aa (#39)
kalmarek/GroupsCore.jl: README.md

----

> The aim of this package is to standardize the common assumptions and functions on group i.e. to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this package is to standardize common assumptions on and functions for groups, i.e. to create
```

Group interface.

> Users include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages using it include:
```
